Description: This is the test plan for our project that describes how completed both Unit Testing and Integration Testing.

Author(s):

Created by Bhagwat Sapkota on 11/22/2019


Unit Testing:

* Each unit was tested by verifying whether it performs its respective function or not when we did the integration testing. * Each individual module was tested.
* We tested these functions when they were originally created by the respective team member

   We opened all .html.erb file in browser and check if the information needed is there or not.
   Also, we verify that all the buttons required for routing were present in each.

Integration Testing:

    //stylesheet.css

    We opened all .html.erb files and verified that our styling looked correct with the HTML elements.

    //routing
    After integration we opened our project in web server using rails server and tested our routes.
    We checked if we could go from home to to-do list page, completed task page, or create new task page.
    Then we tested if we can go back to Home page from all the pages that had route to home.
    Eventually we tested if we could get to every single page from one page directly or indirectly.

    //Functionality testing 
    For functionality testing we tried to delete the tasks after creating it to see whether we can delete or not.
    Also we tested if "create new task" would give us empty form to fill or not. Similarly we tested if edit would give us the form already filled.
    In the form fill page we tested by entering different inputs to see if the constraints work or not.
    We also checked when we mark the task completed, did the task went to completed task page. 
    Finally we checked if we could filter the to-do list to only show the task on that category.

System Testing:

Once we had all the functionality completed and project was ready, the team spent hours trying to break the code by routing to different 
pages, putting wrong inputs to see if it would take that input, and if the tasks were in corerect places or not. We completed the system testing.